# Course Enrollment Management System
The course enrollment & management system is a platform to display the status of all courses that an institute/university currently offer and to provide a comfortable and convenient interface for registered users to manipulate or manage courses that are related to them. Registered users will be categorized into two groups: student and instructor, and the functionalities such as course availability checking and course establishment/registration/withdraw are supported to fulfill the desired purpose of the application. Student users and instructor users possess different authorities to initiate different types of requests.

As the size and scope of an university or online teaching platform grows, more and more enrolled students, course instructors as well as available courses are getting involved into the system. However, it also becomes harder to manage the rapidly growing size of student-course-instructor relations, and it is also a challenge, given a large system, to offer a smooth user experience for students and instructors to manage the courses related to them. As a result, we intend to develop a well-functioning course enrollment & management system for all students and instructors, in order to provide convenience and robustness for students and instructors to gather desired course information and manage courses in a permitted way (such as registering, dropping and etc.).

The application supports everyone who visits the website (don't needed to be registered) to check the information and status of all the courses to be offered, but cannot take actions on any courses. Visitors are able to register via the provided user interface to be either enrolled student or instructor. Our application will provide all the required functionalities for authenticated users to manipulate and manage target courses, such as registering/dropping courses (for student users) as well as creating/deleting courses that he/she teaches (for instructor users). The student users are also able to give ratings on the courses that he/she takes, which will be recorded in the database.

The detailed UML diagram of the database design is showed in "Database Design UML", and is implemented in Django Model and can be migrated into the SQL database. After creating all the associated tables in the database, it is recommended to populate the "Department" table with the basic department data from "Departments.csv", which can serve as a starting point of all the services of the application.

The demo of the application is available at: https://youtu.be/QZ_VVBks_Ug.
